Update docs (#228)
IntersectMBO/council-toolkit-app: README.md

## Usage

### Transaction Inspector page

* Allows you to inspect your transaction and sign it.
1. Select which CC member you are part of.
2. Paste/upload your unsigned transaction on the input box.
3. Connect to your wallet, for wallet related validation of the transaction and if you want to sign it.
4. Validity check will be automatically preformed upon transaction.
5. If the unsigned transaction passes all validity checks you will be able to pass the transaction to your wallet for signing, producing a signature.

> ### Live Governance Actions Page 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Live Governance Actions Page 
```

> * Displays all live governance actions you can vote on-chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Displays all live governance actions that can be voted on.

```

1. Select which CC member you are part of to view your vote status on live governance actions.

> ### Rationale Generator

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Rationale Generator
```
